SP-5822 simple-kubernetes-playbooks (#56)
stackpulse/playbooks: kubernetes/rollout-restart/README.md

# Kubernetes Rollout Restart

<img src="https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/raw/master/logo/logo.png" width="100">

![env](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=env&message=Kubernetes&style=flat&logo=Kubernetes&color=326CE5)

[![Import to StackPulse](../../images/open_in_stackpulse.svg)](https://app.stackpulse.io/playbook/create?tab=playbook#https://github.com/stackpulse/playbooks/blob/master/kubernetes/rollout-restart/playbook.yaml)

> This playbook performs rollout restart for given kubernetes entity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This playbook performs rollout restart for a given Kubernetes deployment.
```

## How to get started

[![Import to StackPulse](../../images/open_in_stackpulse.svg)](https://app.stackpulse.io/playbook/create?tab=playbook#https://github.com/stackpulse/playbooks/blob/master/kubernetes/rollout-restart/playbook.yaml)

Not a Stackpulse user? Follow these steps:

1. Make sure your have a [StackPulse](https://stackpulse.com/get-started) account
2. Import [this playbook](https://app.stackpulse.io/playbooks) into your account

> 4. Connect it to monitoring alerts or execute manually

Reviewer: What about 3?
